boards: Update SAM0-based documentation (#20621)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/samd10-xmini/doc.txt

Connect the device to your Micro-USB cable using the port labeled as *DEBUG
USB*.

> The standard method for flashing RIOT to the samd21-xpro is using [edbg](https://github.com/ataradov/edbg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard method for flashing RIOT to the samd10-xmini is using [edbg](https://github.com/ataradov/edbg).
```
